hi guys this is Amelia and you're
joining me in another episode of Miss
Bell one one two two so yeah now I'm
going to show you another typical
Chinese neck that we have here back in
my hometown This Is It this is tyke wear
and chai in Chinese basically means
vegetables so this is steamed dumpling
with stuff stirred vegetables and other
things inside so although it is a
Chinese delicacy but it is not purely
from the Chinese and this is what we
call as neon yuck we're on non-st Nyonya
dedicated Nyonya is a very unique dress
which you can only find in malaysia and
also singapore and it is an
international marriage between the
chinese immigrants and also the local
Malays before Malaysia and Singapore is
fun so yeah this is a very very unique
delicacy that we have here back in
Malaysia so it looks like that and
usually we just have it together with a
dip of chilli sauce if you have it in
the restaurant that would serve you with
the own special sweet sauce so I'm going
to cut it out and let you see that
feelings of this dumpling
[Music]
that's how it looks like guys it has
sesame seeds inside also with other
stuff like streams veggies and also
being cuts and other stuff so yeah this
is what I really wanted to share with
you guys because I know this is
something that you can find in your past
so just for sharing thanks for watching
stay tuned for my next video take care
and bye